Github Workflow and Readme (#2)
gandalf-network/connect: README.md

# connect

> connect is a library that makes it easier to generate valid Connect URLs that allows your users to link their accounts to Gandalf.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`connect` is a library that makes it easier to generate valid [Connect](https://docs.gandalf.network/concepts/connect) URLs that lets your users to link their accounts to Gandalf.
```

## Features

- Generate valid Connect URLs
- Generate valid Connect QRCodes on web
- Parameter validation

## Getting Started

This section provides a quick overview of how to integrate the library into your project.

### Prerequisites

> NodeJs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NodeJS
```

Reviewer: Any min version requirements?

### Installation

```bash
npm install @gandalf-network/connect --save
```

### Usage

> ### Initialization

Reviewer: If initialisation is a sub heading under usage, then they shouldn't share the same H level

```typescript
import Connect from "@gandalf-network/connect";

const connect = new Connect({
    publicKey: process.env.PUBLIC_KEY, 
    redirectURL: "YOUR_REDIRECT_URL",
    services: { "NETFLIX": true } // At least one service is required
})
```

### Generate a Connect URL

```typescript
const url = await connect.generateURL()
console.log(url)
```

### Generate a Connect QRCode

> ```typescript

Reviewer: Mention that this function will only work within the context of a browser and will fail otherwise.

# connect

`connect` is a library that makes it easier to generate valid [Connect](https://docs.gandalf.network/concepts/connect) URLs that lets your users to link their accounts to Gandalf.

## Features

- Generate valid Connect URLs
- Generate valid Connect QRCodes on web
- Parameter validation

## Getting Started

This section provides a quick overview of how to integrate the library into your project.

### Prerequisites

[NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/) - version 16.x or higher

### Installation

```bash
npm install @gandalf-network/connect --save
```

### Usage

#### Initialization

```typescript
import Connect from "@gandalf-network/connect";

const connect = new Connect({
    publicKey: process.env.PUBLIC_KEY, 
    redirectURL: "YOUR_REDIRECT_URL",
    services: { "NETFLIX": true } // At least one service is required
})
```

#### Generate a Connect URL

```typescript
const url = await connect.generateURL()
console.log(url)
```

#### Generate a Connect QRCode

> Note: This function is intended for web applications only and will not work other platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: This function will only work within a browser context and will fail otherwise.
```
